Before continuing, it's important to state, I might be some sort of emotional vampire, I dont feed on others, but I find pleasure/being alive from experiencing emotions from high energy high emotion, high meaning and symbolism stuff and even people. Also, try to connect the fifferent lyrics from each song between each other to find any continuation or resemblance or repeatition.

THis is an EDM, no song just music: Knife Party - Power Glove (Official) 
Bi-Polar MEME, but with full song and in my version : this resembles similar way to the above.. 
Tir na nOg lyrics - Celtic Woman: almost made me cry as soon as "come my love" part. 
DIE ANTWOORD - PITBULL TERRIER : resembles POwer and energy in a way, similar to the bipolar one but with extra theme of vulgar and aggression which I enjoy. It's weird how it contradicts "Tir na nOg lyrics - Celtic Woman"
SKYND Feat. Jonathan Davis 'Gary Heidnik' (Official Video) - Uncensored : The way of singing touches something at the bac pf my brain, like hunger. 
Miss Krystle - Dangerous Daughters (Prod. By That Orko) (OFFICIAL MUSIC VIDEO) | Dark Pop : Especially at the moment 1:05, which hits mostly with my anger and bloodlust. 
Kanye West - BLKKK SKKKN HEAD (Explicit) : again jungle like power. 
Zack Hemsey - "Don't Get In My Way": Again power and energy and bloodlust. 
She Couldn't (Official Audio) - Linkin Park : Makes me wanna cry. especially the lyrics"You know she couldn't stay here with you
You know she had to go
Even though she couldn't stay here with you"
the rest of the lyrics doesn't symbolically matter to me much. I never formed any type of close relationship or GF though. 
Ladytron - Destroy Everything You Touch : this also touches me heart and makes me wanna cry. And not in the sense that I am the one singing, but the one being sang this at. 
Wardruna - Lyfjaberg (Healing-mountain) Official music video : The lyrics and title has nothing to do with it, I always had no idea about them lol. It's the feeling. in a way, spiritual. 
Asylums For The Feeling - Silent Poets (Feat. Leila Adu) - Lyrics Video [Death Stranding] Song 2019 : this as well, and I never played or even knew what death stranding is. 
Counting Sheep Lyric Video: the rhymes I liked, but I dont think much else, unless its subconscious. 
SKÁLD - Grótti (Lyric Video) : Energetic and war-like
Audioslave - Like a Stone (Official Video) : this has emotional resemblence to the way its sang and the music, I never knew really the lyrics. but not as much high emotional resemblance. 
Aesthetic Perfection - Never Enough (Official Video) : THe music and sound, IDK anything about lyrics. 
Nea - Some Say (Lyrics) : Not all of it, it's just the part where it says "some say you will love me one day, and I will wait I will wait to get your loving one day", The weird thing is, I am not the type of love who puts themselves at the judgement of others, or like "i will wait for your love" I am more of "I will move on on however I like". 
Mordred's Lullaby.mov : This one, daumn, it affects me so much, the obvious part of why, it resembles the only type of relatioonships I only felt and understood, relationship between mother and son. But the rest of the theme though. Weirdly, I never hated the mother, but I also feel bad for the boy being the victim and the "loyalty loyalty" part really makes me cry 
Digital Daggers- The Devil Within Lyrics : I feel resemblance on contradicintng levels, the sense of power and manipulation, but also the sense of ALSO being the opposite side of that knife. 
Jefferson Airplane - Somebody to love: I love this one too. good questions too ngl lol. 
VAST - Pretty When You Cry: resemblance with inner sadism and in a way, evil. If I want to symbolically explain being malignant silent disease is like, this song feels like this, and I like it.
Combichrist - Throat Full of Glass (Lyrics) : resemblance of inner Chaos. Like the inner asylum trying to keep in containment. But also desire for freedom. freeing what is encaged. 
Cream Soda - Сердце Лёд (премьера клипа 2020) : I have no idea what they are saying (IDK what is russain): But I feel it soo daumn deeply. So deeply. 
ODDKO - Disobey (Official Music Video) : This one I love on multiple parts, the most straight forward is the lyrics that says "void and disorder" which quite a resemblance. But also the whole theme "your mind is to invade/detain" this is my living world, not my internal world. 
Motionless In White - Another Life [OFFICIAL VIDEO]: IDK what they are saying, But I feel them. 
Falling In Reverse - "Popular Monster" : IDK what this song about, but those specific lyrics: "Cause I’m about to break down 
Searching for a way out 
I’m a liar I’m a cheater I’m a non-believer 
I’m a popular, popular monster 
I break down falling into love now 
With falling apart 
I’m a popular popular monster"
SO genuinely affect me emotionally and I care. 
Three Days Grace- Get Out Alive: this affects me emotionally, and resembles me on so many levels I am not even sure I understand what. 
Blue Foundation - Eyes On Fire: make me cry and I dont even know what she is saying lol. I subconsciously somehow can know what, but I con sciously don't. 
alexander rybak-fairytale (slowed+reverb) [lyric video] tiktok version : despite I would never put myself in this position, so I have never been there, so I can't say it's relatable, but it makes me cry. 
Destroy Me -  Mr.Kitty Official : Well, It used to feel more resemblance before than now. 
‪@iamomri‬ - Save Me: I mean it's meant for edgy stuff and such, used to resemble me before than now. Maybe I was never stopped so here I am. transfusion. 
Svanrand: this gives me a spiritual respect that I like, but IDK what they are saying lol.
Mademoiselle Noir (Lyrics)
: First time hearing it, I didn't know what it meant much and I cried, knowing it makes it more emotionally intense. 
Nightcore - Can't Be Erased (Deeper version): Power and anger and stuboorness
Aesthetic Perfection - The Dark Half (Official Video): I Love it and how he sings it, some parts I can understand, But I am not sure all the lyrics. It resembles one's inner insanity of course. It feels it has so much meaning. In a way resembles something inside.
ONUKA - TIME (Official Music Video): this makes me emotional, but IDK what is being said.
Sólstafir - Fjara (Official Video) : I dont understand a thing, but makes me wanna cry. I think it's more f empathy. I think the video has a major impact, but also the way he sings. 
Mnogoznaal - Гостиница Космос : THe video kinda explains the story, but also the music makes me feel and kinda close to crying. 
Cage The Elephant - Cold Cold Cold (Official Video) : Doesnt really get me emotional, but I LOOOVEE IT, it speaks to my suppressed anger and rage. how he is trying to sound civil and unemotional to sound sane. and how he resembles humans and psychiatry. I love the mockery in his voice and that he knows the "doctor" wont help him. and the superficial cold of people, and the hiiden immorality in people that should be seen as insane, but he is the one being seen insane or abnormal for feeling those stuff.
Soleil - Rise up Now: I Love it and IDK why. 
Deftones - Passenger [Official Visualizer] : IDK what it's saying, but it kinda resembles my anger (ANd not all angry songs resembles my anger, very few do) 